1. When deciding on a language to write my code in, I wanted to choose a language I was both familiar with and had extensive support and packages. Having been learning Java since Middle School, and it being an integral part of my current curriculum, I was able to effectively leverage data structures to create a solution. In terms of the packages I used, since the date provided to us was in an iso 8601 format, I used the DateTimeFormatter and LocalDateTime packages as part of the time package to parse and store the dates. This way, I would have a tangible value to then order the dates from most to least recent. The problem wanted points to be deducted from the most recent transaction, so I needed to have a simple way to keep an ordered list of the points added. I found that I could accomplish this using a priority queue, with a comparator set to compare the dates associated with each transaction. This way the list would always be ordered, even after removing or adding an element. I used the io and Scanner packages to ingest and parse the transactions CSV file. 
2. The space complexity of my program is O(N) since I am storing all the values provided in data structures at the beginning of my program. I cannot ingest them one by one since I need to look at all the transactions to find the oldest one. The space complexity of my program is O(nlogn), since I am iterating over the subtracting points transactions in my filter method taking O(n) time. Inside this loop, I am polling the priority queue which takes O(logn) time. One disadvantage of my program is that I am using a lot of basic packages to run my program. Using a package like Bufferreader instead of Scanner would speed up parsing for large files. However, given the short time to complete the program, I decided to focus on packages I have been taught to use, and create the best possible solution that way. 
3. My first introduction to a large software engineering project came in my Junior year of high school. Through a program at my school, I was paired with a professor at Lake Forest College. This was during peak Covid time, and the professor was working on creating a Convolutional Neural Network to classify lung X-ray images as Covid Pneumonia, Other Pneumonia, or Healthy. He tasked me with building a full model from scratch, starting with image processing, then creating the Network itself, and finally visualizing the output with heatmaps. Being in high school, however, I was not able to fully grasp the complex mathematics behind Neural Networks. This made it both a challenge and an adventure, as I was taking a deep dive into completely unknown territory. To complete the project, I had to make sure I was utilizing all my resources, frequently consulting online forums for troubleshooting issues, and always consulting with my professor if all other sources failed. While the task was miles beyond my skill set, I was greatly motivated by the fact that my work had a tangible impact, and was helping solve a problem I was experiencing myself. While the efficiency of my model was not to the standard of other researchers at the time, I was able to find my passion for coding, which ultimately inspired me to pursue Computer Engineering in college.